README.md, before:

# _Portfolio_

#### By _**Dulce Jaramillo**_

#### _Portfolio showing knownledge of beginner coding_

## Technologies Used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_

## Link to github page
[https://dulcelj55.github.io/portfolio/](https://dulcelj55.github.io/portfolio/)


## Description

_This is a beginner project for a student in Epicodus. This Protfolio must contain links of projects started, a short background of student and fun facts.  In order to pass a demonstration of use for HTML, CSS,  along image and link attachemnt are the required _

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository to your desktop_
* _Navigate to the cloned folder which contains folers: HTML,CSS,and README.md_
* _Open HTML file in Browser._

## Known Bugs

* _Currently no known bugs

## License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) _2022_ _Dulce Jaramillo_

Commit message:

README additions git page and contact me

README.md, after:

# _Portfolio_

#### By _**Dulce Jaramillo**_

#### _Portfolio showing knownledge of beginner coding_

## Technologies Used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_

## Link to github page
[https://dulcelj55.github.io/portfolio/](https://dulcelj55.github.io/portfolio/)


## Description

_This is a beginner project for a student in Epicodus. This Protfolio must contain links of projects started, a short background of student and fun facts.  In order to pass a demonstration of use for HTML, CSS,  along image and link attachemnt are the required _

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository to your desktop_
* _Navigate to the cloned folder which contains folers: HTML,CSS,and README.md_
* _Open HTML file in Browser._

## Known Bugs

* _Currently no known bugs

## License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Feel free to contact me of make contribution to the code.

Copyright (c) _2022_ _Dulce Jaramillo_
